ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

This document was originally written with KAL when AWB was a visiting
scientist at the Robotics Institute at Carnegie Mellon University
(Fall 98).  Later versions were done after AWB moved to LTI at CMU,
which include substantial new content.

Thanks goes to

Suresh Bazaj/Hear2Read for continuing funding the INDIC support
Richard Sproat (UIUC)
   Who contributed unitrans for translating unicode characters into
   probably phoneme sequences, used in the grapheme based builds
   Their work is released under an apache free software license.
Alok Parlikar
   parallel support, Indic support
Sunayana Sitaram
   Indic support and grapheme support
Gopala Anumanchipalli
   SPAM prosody modeling
Kishore Prahallad
   ehmm and other fixes
Raj Reddy:
   for inviting AWB to CMU to allow him to work with KAL
CMU:
   for funding AWB's original visit (he liked it so much he came back)
Edinburgh University:
   For releasing Festival and the Speech Tools as free software, and
   making it well-designed, stable and portable.  Also for the basic
   config setup (which RJC wrote).  
Cepstral, LLC (www.cepstral.com)
   Who have provided bug fixes, corrections and improvements, in early
   versions of this work.
US National Science Foundation
   Who funded part of the work on automatic labelling, and evaluation
   protocols
OGI:
   for hosting a workshop in June 98 to build a German voice in Festival
   which showed the need for a document/tools such as this.
Maria Wolters, Borja Etxebarria, Mike Macon, Argyris Biris, 
Stephen Robert Norris, Karin Mueller, Bettina Saeuberlich, 
Horst Meyer, Gregor Moehler, Mark Breitenbuech, Dominika Oliver, 
Tae-Yeoub Jang and Weonhee Yun:
   Who persevered in building voices in Festival without this document,
   asking questions and finding problems that made it easier to decide
   what should be included here.  We apologise to them as with this
   documentation their projects would have been much easier.
VA Linux (http://www.valinux.com):
   For donating hardware that hosted the original festvox.org.
